Chapter length: We are aiming for each chapter to be about 20-25 printed pages, although this is a general target and flexible if you need more or less room for content.

Audience: The target audience is clinicians and epileptologists engaged in quantitative applied epilepsy research. Readers may have varying levels of computational experience. The book will include separate chapters reviewing basic commands in R/Matlab/Python and basic data analysis, so that it may be fair to assume that a proportion of readers of your chapter will have at least basic exposure to commands.

Please include worked examples from epilepsy data with R, Matlab, and/or Python code in the chapter. We will create a shared Dropbox between all contributors if you would like to share benchmark datasets that can be used across chapters.

Publisher guidelines for templates/preparation instructions: Either LaTeX or Word works. If you prefer LaTeX, the Krantz latex style file is included in this directory for your use - please work in the 7x10 trim size, that is documentclass krantz2. If you prefer Word, I have attached a manuscript preparation instructions file for Word. 

Including copyrighted material: If you want to include any copyrighted material in your section, please include a completed Permission Declaration Form and all Permission grants (see the attached PDF for more details on copyright permissions, and please feel free to contact me with any questions). If you need to include any copyrighted material in your section, it might be helpful to get started obtaining permissions early on in the writing process, in order to avoid any delays later.

Units: All units should be provided in SI units. 

Timeline:
April 30, 2022 - first chapter draft due to editors
June/Jul 2022 - editors will send feedback
Oct 2022 - second draft due to editors; we will send any suggestions for final revisions
Dec 2022 -  final draft due to editors (including all data, code, tex file), who will deliver final manuscript to publisher by December 2022
2023 - book published by Chapman & Hall/CRC
